README.md, before:

# Twisted Metal: Harbor City
This repository contains a work-in-progress matching decompilation of the unreleased PlayStation 2 game "Twisted Metal: Harbor City".

Note: This repository assumes a POSIX environment. Please use WSL or Docker on a Windows machine.

TM.ELF SHA-1 Hash: `59695de214d38d1c0af9167412271fe2a446a13a`

A list of asset types and their descriptions can be found in [ASSETS.md](ASSETS.md).

# Setup
1. Extract TM.ELF from "TMHC_Later_Working.iso" (2005-08-11)
2. Rename to TMHC.ELF
3. Place in config folder
4. Create virtual Python environment using `venv` with command: `python -m venv .venv`
5. Activate virtual Python environment with command: `source .venv/Scripts/activate`
6. Install dependencies using command: `pip install -U -r requirements.txt`
7. Split the binary using Splat: `make splat`

# Contributing
Contributions are welcome and are encouraged! If you would like to help out, please create a pull request containing your changes to the repository.

# Tools
This project would not be possible without these tools.
- [GNU GCC](https://github.com/gcc-mirror/gcc) - C/C++ compiler and friends
- [splat](https://github.com/ethteck/splat) - Binary splitter for matching decompilations

Commit message:

Ninja update (not fully working)

README.md, after:

# Twisted Metal: Harbor City
This repository contains a work-in-progress matching decompilation of the unreleased PlayStation 2 game "Twisted Metal: Harbor City".

Note: This repository assumes a POSIX environment. Please use WSL or Docker on a Windows machine.

TM.ELF SHA-1 Hash: `59695de214d38d1c0af9167412271fe2a446a13a`

A list of asset types and their descriptions can be found in [ASSETS.md](ASSETS.md).

# Setup
1. Extract TM.ELF from "TMHC_Later_Working.iso" (2005-08-11)
2. Rename to TMHC.ELF
3. Place in config folder
4. Create virtual Python environment using `venv` with command: `python -m venv .venv`
5. Activate virtual Python environment with command: `source .venv/Scripts/activate`
6. Install dependencies using command: `pip install -U -r requirements.txt`
7. Split the binary using Splat: `./configure.py -c`
8. Run a build with `ninja`

# Contributing
Contributions are welcome and are encouraged! If you would like to help out, please create a pull request containing your changes to the repository.

# Tools
This project would not be possible without these tools.
- [GNU GCC](https://github.com/gcc-mirror/gcc) - C/C++ compiler and friends
- [splat](https://github.com/ethteck/splat) - Binary splitter for matching decompilations
